inspiration for success I guess today is
Paula guilfoyle I mark isaacson and
instructor and you to me I've got seven
published courses right now and as is
still the case for me I'm working things
out I'm making my share of mistakes I'm
figuring out how to put these pieces
together so it's always a fun time for
me to get a chance to talk to other
people who are going through this
process while and see how different
pieces together and how they are
approaching things if you're curious to
have a look at what I've got available
online right now I put a link in the
window you can access any of my courses
at a discount and also for your
convenience you will be able to find the
replay this plaid cast at the link that
I'm putting in the window right now in
paula has actually given us discounts on
all of her course is the and she doesn't
have a couple of courses that are
targeted towards online educators you
learning educators so you'll want to
check that out and see what policy got
going on with her horses there I'm still
quite a bit of a cold this week I got a
lot on my mind right now I'll see about
getting another one as we're talking I'm
hoping this is going to be gone soon so
you guys you have to deal with still a
little bit of me today with the car or
stroke but let's move right along here
and let me get the introduction of my
guest
paula is qualified CPA with over 15
years experience in the fields of
Accountancy business management process
improvement
internal audit group accounting
operations management and training
across a broad range of industries and
sectors paula has been key speaker at
many account of events where her talks
on Excel are received very taken from
her experiences in accounting and
business fields paula has also has
YouTube courses for those wishing to
upscale especially in the area of
spreadsheets bookkeeping and accounting
in addition to teaching on you to me
where she has over 5,000 students follow
also has her own you learning site and
the Excel club where she has over 6,000
students in her best courses taken in
over a thousand euro now and eat now and
e-learning educator for over five years
paul also has a focus on e-learning
education technology and online teaching
drawn from her online teaching
experience paula has a number of courses
available to online teachers to help
bridge the skills gap for those that
teach or wished each line holla
considers herself an edgy and she has
continuously learning and is currently
completing a social media specialization
welcome to the show so your background
is and since he learning site you got
stuff that you got on you to me and put
together some courses as well
doing e-learning things a bit here and
get some of the backstory and you talk a
little bit more of your accounting
background and what your life was like
prior to becoming online educator any
sorts of course you talk a little bit
about that where your life had been in a
slight
for I was teaching online so quite
rightly mentioned I am so I was
obviously working as an accountant i
worked in industry that means different
practice I worked for companies
I worked from small companies to large
companies
my most notable job was probably
operations manager amp financial aid
medium-sized company I also worked in
global companies I was in turmoil with
her I was group came from so I kinda
Jolla they were all really really good
jobs they all paid really well they all
had great benefit but I worked and I
worked hard you know month then working
until seven or eight o'clock in the
evening at seven o'clock in the morning
and then last week so you don't have to
be sorry we're doing normal areas and
you know it was hard it was hard and
then you have to come in and out of work
and everything else so that was my life
and I enjoyed it and I enjoyed my cuz I
had progressed a lot I wasn't really
preparing you can't say I was more
proving campaign manager stuff by the
time I kind of came to the end my career
and it came from
kinda changed in 2007 pregnant and I had
my first child he's now he was there
last week and I took as you do but I
decide to take extended maternity at
this time
garland was going through an economic
downturn as the rest of the world yeah
but the crash here in our in the
construction industry got his first hit
hardest on my role was Financial
Controller an operations manager
so when I was ready to return to work
price rise with no job is gone that was
the end of that the exact same time I
also found myself in the position where
I ended up a single mother the long-term
partner left and I was at home on my own
unemployed so that's the kind of setup
as you were looking at here you would
come from a background where you
actually had a lot of success you know
very good income as an accountant
something else in your life you have a
child which is very joyful experience so
here you got your new trial
child after some period of time you say
okay well I'm ready to pick up the
pieces again back to work and it didn't
quite work out that way because not only
could not work because I know you were a
single mother so they're very
I kind of took temporary jobs I was in
the network but I was in particular
temporary job and my role was to prepare
it was an insurance company and i was
just preparing financial models
part-time job while I was there after a
couple of weeks everybody was coming to
the questions and you know come true and
all the jobs that I was and I was go to
so I decided you know my time in this in
this bed so I decided to make these
video tutorials on Excel
so I put together all these tutorials
not knowing where I was what I was doing
together and i ended up with five hours
of tutorials all based on the time all
relating to all the examples related and
i ended up with these five I had set
Mike and I had Campese and offered when
these videos which ex parte album I had
this CD rubble like you know things are
a little bit different and I as a CPA
I'm fully aware that every CPA every
accountant in ireland
certain amount of training if we get
what we call TPD we have a compulsory 20
hours a year of structure that
certifiable CPD so I knew there was a
skilled when it came to sell so I went
to the Institute that I was a member
also and I my disk USB key and I went
with my videos and they were quite
impressed and they liked what I was
doing you know we're both had this disk
management systems management system
learning this is just a disc they were
talking it was just information opening
old so I can do what I decided to do was
put together that's the case all the
requirements that I needed to fulfill
accreditations with them and from this I
put in for a website and I got a price
to appear in Arlington and I could
afford to have
and I was also about third parties and
at the time I'm at work so around all
the platforms where now so it was
companies like they were charged that
was so everything everything and this
stage
believe it or not it's now kind so it
took 18 months from when I started
making these videos to actually having a
live site to the Institute I added more
material because I so I added some
tutorials and the Institute
know what that meant for me with that
bTW you have to be on this list you have
to be accredited provider and was very
few people on the list and there was
nobody else on the list
teaching well so I came to hear and I
have mentioned there earlier and I think
I gave you the wrong figure because I
hadn't looked at fifty thousand my first
course
that's reoccurring revenue obviously
today